1. As you are applying for a senior level position, please explain why you think you are good enough for a senior QA Engineer in Catalyst?
2. Suppose you are currently working on a high priority task, and then you were asked to help on another high priority task. How would you handle this situation?
3. What would you do if you were the one and only QA Engineer in your company?
4. What is your expectation, If you join with Catalyst as a QA Engineer ?

Answer:
1. As a senior QA Engineer applying for a position at Catalyst, I believe I have the necessary skills, experience, and qualities that make me well-suited for this senior-level role.
   I have a proven track record in the field of Quality Assurance, with several years of experience working as a QA Engineer. Throughout my career, I have been involved in multiple
   projects, where I have gained a deep understanding of the QA processes and methodologies. As a senior QA Engineer, I have demonstrated my ability to lead and mentor junior
   team members. Also, I am committed to continuous learning and improve QA methodologies, tools, and technologies.

2. In a Scenario, I would handle that situation by evaluating the urgency and criticality of both tasks to understand their relative priorities, communicate with the relevant stakeholders
   involved in both tasks. I would inform them about my current commitments and the request to assist with another high priority task. I would prioritize the tasks based on their impact,
   deadlines, and available resources (If possible). Also, consider the dependencies, deadlines, and potential bottleneck of each task to develop a realistic schedule.
   And maintain open and transparent communication with the relevant stakeholders. I would provide regular updates on the progress of each task, highlighting any potential issues or delays.

3. I would like to do some steps like I did before:
   - Make a Establish QA Process in development team
   - Create task priority level
   - Create Automation Test for repetitive case
   - Work closely with developers to understand software requirements and identify potential issues
   - Provide training and support to other team members, such as developers or product managers, to enhance their understanding of quality assurance things

 4. I hope I can help to keep good quality for the catalyst product and build trust in the user that we have a good quality product. So it can increase the number of users.
    Also, I take look forward to working in a supportive & collaborative environment where teamwork is valued and make catalyst QA Engineering teams to grow up and more.